<!-- ---
layout: post
title:  "The End"
date:   2019-07-20 13:36 +0900
--- -->
My travels are now coming to an end.  I am currently seated in the Tokyo airport of Haneda.  A bit of a bittersweet scenario where I am sad its ending but happy to return to see my family and friends (and enjoy some of the comforts of permanent residence)

After visting my friends in Danang, I headed up to North Vietnam.  In Hanoi, I was to meet a friend I had made in Thailand.  After a couple nights in Hanoi, we made our way to the small town of Ha Giang to start an unbelievable tour of the mountainsides and villages in the area (known as the "Ha Giang Loop").  We rented a couple of 150cc Motorcycles and proceeded on the 3 day tour of the most scenic and beautiful sites I have ever seen.  Pictures will be posted to the gallery but they do not do it justice, it must be experienced first hand to get the full effect.

I headed back to Hanoi after the Ha Giang Loop and immediately took a flight to Osaka, Japan.  Japan feels like another world.  I suspect due to it being an island and historically isolated, the culture is like no other.  I found myself mesmerized by the markets, temples, food, architecture and everything in between.  I spent about a week hopping back and forth between Osaka and the more traditional Kyoto, which was only an hour away by train.  After that, I jumped on a bullet train to Tokyo to spend my last week in Japan taking in the sites and sounds of this buzzing city.  It truly was host to some of the strangest and most interesting things I have ever seen.  I probably will need to make another trip out here at some point to see Northern Japan.

I am now headed to LA to see a couple friends living there and break up the long journey back home.  This is likely to be the last post of my trip so thanks for reading.